last moments on space
stations
his annual watch
completed
expedition commander astronaut scott kelly
says goodbye to the space house
Alexander Halimov
Dmitry Kondratyev and others
international space station
he stays enough
let's wait
it's time to assume that Transbaikalia
is it so simple
recently
they flew over japan
another tradition start
countries are the main sources of world
news today
possible therefore increased attention
landing astronauts and there was no
I think this is a return
probably a test ship
worked soft landing engines
spacecraft descent vehicle
union calls she is you
oil such difficult train conditions
spacecraft real
rescue operation
12 helicopters two aircraft
scorching burned 5 about 30 people
it is paid to let who fly
lander two thousand degrees
cosmonauts d
it was hot
crew misses
under but was to leave ten not just like that
are genetic stock
until it is inside the device all
goes like these interests but the apparatus
makes its way inside the apparatus ahead of time
hot under that is self landing
ed.
gets the ship commander alexander
kaleri three years is the fifth soft
landing
each landing is marked
they are all
on average 50
this generational relay to space
went a total of 770 days
more than two years further goes on record
it will start at 12 00 in our country only
it saves time now
Pavel grapes seriously wary of
flight control center
he will soon be launched into orbit
today preparing for his third
flight means their landing preparation
landing there yes and in terms of
medicine
me in terms of training
centrifuge circulation
necessarily pass but to remember
according to
overload is transferred as
turned out to act
it was the first flight of digital
spacecraft
new management system
modernized Yaroshenko
but the digital channel showed itself
fine the whole program
per day two seconds per second for sure
soon a new one will go into orbit
crew
alexander samokutyaev andrey borisenko
and astronaut nasa ronald garan
Start of the anniversary of the city of Donetsk ship in
eve not astronautics